README.md, before:

# Drop Zone Widget

This widget is useful for:

 * Dragging and dropping objects into categories
 * Changing an attribute based on the drop zone category


## Screenshots:
**Example of 3 widgets setup with Status attributes of Open, In Progress, and Closed:**  
![3 Widgets with attributes](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/3Widgets.PNG)

### New Object:
![New object](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/NewObject.PNG)

### Moving an object and changing the attribute:
**On Hover**  
![On hover](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/OnHover.PNG)
**On Drop**  
![On drop](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/OnDrop.PNG)


## Setup:
### Domain Model  
![Domain Model](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/DomainModel.PNG)

### Widgets  
![Widgets](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/Widgets.PNG)

### Data Source  
![Data Source](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/DataSource.PNG)

### Open Project Microflow  
![Open Projects Microflow](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/OpenProjectsMF.PNG)

### Behavior  
![Behavior](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/Behavior.PNG)

### On Drop Mircoflow  
![On Drop Microflow](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/OnDropMF.PNG)

### Phase  
![Phase](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/Phase.PNG)

Commit message:

added info on xpath constraint

README.md, after:

# Drop Zone Widget

This widget is useful for:

 * Dragging and dropping objects into categories
 * Changing an attribute based on the drop zone category


## Screenshots:
**Example of 3 widgets setup with Status attributes of Open, In Progress, and Closed:**  
![3 Widgets with attributes](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/3Widgets.PNG)

### New Object:
![New object](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/NewObject.PNG)

### Moving an object and changing the attribute:
**On Hover**  
![On hover](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/OnHover.PNG)
**On Drop**  
![On drop](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/OnDrop.PNG)


## Setup:
### Domain Model  
![Domain Model](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/DomainModel.PNG)

### Widgets  
![Widgets](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/Widgets.PNG)

### Data Source  
![Data Source](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/DataSource.PNG)

### Retrieve Open Project Microflow with Xpath Constraint [Status='Open']  
![Open Projects Microflow](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/OpenProjectsMF.PNG)

### Behavior  
![Behavior](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/Behavior.PNG)

### On Drop Mircoflow  
![On Drop Microflow](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/OnDropMF.PNG)

### Phase  (Must be same is Status Enum attributes)
![Phase](https://github.com/andylushman/DropZone-Widget/blob/master/src/Screenshots/Phase.PNG)
